Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 

Print the greeting in the terminal and ask an input for the color

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

Same thing as expected

What do you think the program did with what you typed?

Nothing. There weren't even any variables to save the input to. 

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 

Now it actually assigns the input to a variable, and will then print that once I submit it.

What do you think the color = input() will do? 

The variable color is given the value of input.

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?

Yes

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

Instead of printing the answer, it will now check if you typed in read, and either print correct or try again.

What is happening on lines 11–14? 

Its an if statement for what I previously stated

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 

For the code's scructure, simular to how c# has the code in between brackets.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 

It isn't "correct"

What does this tell you about "color"?

It's case sensitive since it's a string.

Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 

Now it includes "red" as a correct answer

What problem is this trying to solve? 

Case sensitivity

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?

Isn't correct

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 

makes each character in the input string lowercase

What problem is it trying to solve? 

case sensitivity

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

Isn't correct

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 

has the function .strip()

What would you guess .strip() is doing? 

removing spaces around the text of the input 

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?

putting any other characters such as a "!", or putting spaces in between the characters

Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 

if you enter in "pink", there is new output 

What is the purpose of line 11? 

to lowercase and strip the text of spaces

Run the program and answer the question.

Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 

to make it loop until the correct answer is given without the need of restarting the program

Why are lines 12–19 indented? 

They are the code of the loop

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 

It's an infinite loop

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 

checks to see if the input is not eqaul to "red"

What is the purpose of “count”? 

to count the number of attempts before the correct answer was made

What is happening on line 22? 

takes the variable count (how many times the input wasnt red) and prints it

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?